they did it again but this time you be
co engineers added a twist of generosity
their favorite tool Ogopogo much like in
2011 when the engineers hung the
mythical monster from colonas floating
bridge no boat this time instead o go
pogo was back in the water with a prop
on shore but this time the engineering
students added a little flavor to their
prank you see behind me is a tickle
trunk and on it it says hope is the key
the lock is locked and what's inside
that trunk is anybody's guess Ogopogo
and the tickle trunk came with a message
delivered to major Ron Cartmell of the
Kelowna Salvation Army have we received
a note it was when we got to the office
this morning it was stuck through the
door in an envelope and simply said
here's the key to your treasure you will
find the loot on the shore the sales
meet there at nine o'clock good luck
Ogopogo inside the homemade trunk gifts
including cold hard cash and another
message this time in a bottle hi the
Ogopogo challenges businesses within the
community to step forward to match this
donation let us think of one another and
how we can encourage one another to do
helpful deeds your mysterious lake
monster the Ogopogo a stunter prank that
is hit home this is the best way I've
ever seen this is super I think probably
the biggest thing is just the example
that the engineers have set of thinking
of others
and I think that's a great challenge
just to the community so thank you very
much to the engineers for trusting the
Salvation Army to pass your gift on to
others Kelly Hayes Aston in media
you